# wdd231
Wdd231 project assignment:


Create a professional web-page that folows industrial best practices while adhearing to the following instructions: a) Write your html codes inside the index.html but do not change the html head contents. b)Use semantic HTML (header, nav, main, footer) to create the basic layout structure of the page. c)Add every contents as shown in the example screenshot named "desktop-view.JPG" in the "images" folder uploaded as context. d) Use images from "images" folder uploaded as context for the page. e) The <header> tag should contain a site logo and your name rendered using a <span> tag, and a hamburger icon on small screens. f) The responsive navigation <nav> menu contains four links which include Home, Chamber, and Final, where the "home" will be the curent page and chamber and final will be the creaated soon. g) The <main> element contains the following : i) Home rendered using an <h1> tag. ii) Three <section> tags with heading <h2> as shown in the example screenshots of "desktop-view.JPG" in the "images" folder uploaded as context. h) The <footer> has three items which are : i) The first item is a series of social media links including GitHub and Linked In and one or two others that you choose. These github icon should link to "https://github.com/prominentmajesty" while the LinkedIn icon should link to "https://www.linkedin.com/in/augustine-ugochukwu-2b4371218/". As you style and layout your page, ensure that the following, required web design principles and best design practices are met 1) write your css for desktop view in "larger.css" file that is in the "styles" folder uploaded as context and make sure apropriate proximity, alignment, repetition, and contrast design principles are used. 2)  write your css for mobile view in "small.css" file that is in the "styles" folder uploaded as context and make sure there is no horizontal scrolling in views between 320px to 1200px wide. 3) Text does not touch the edge of the screen causing a visual tangent error. 4) Any text overlays on images, other elements, or other text/content is legible and does not overflow in smaller views. 5) There is no twitching in the navigation on hover. 6) Images are not squished nor distorted as the page is resized 7) Images are not oversized causing pixelation. 8) Use professional color schema and typography choices. 9) Use the Google Fonts API to select one font family(Do this in css file). 10) Responsive navigation must support the following features: i) small-screen hamburger like navigation. ii) large-screen horizontal navigation using CSS Flex ii) wayfinding iv) hover effect for menu items. v) make sure Your design does not just have only one column layout (default flow layout) in all views. As you write your script for the page, make sure that the following instructions are strictly followed: 1) write your javascript file in the "course.js" file that is inside the "scripts" folder uploaded as context. 2) Use JavaScript to support the responsive menu. 3) Use JavaScript to dynamically output the following: a)  Disply all the courses in the certificate section as shown in the example above. The courses that you have completed must be marked in a different way versus those that you have not completed. Use your page color scheme. The page should adjust automatically if the data source changes. 